Add paymentServiceFailure & paymentServiceUnreachable featureflags to demo docs (#4142)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/demo/feature-flags.md

values are stored in the `demo.flagd.json` file. To enable a flag, change the
`defaultVariant` value in the config file for a given flag to "on".

| Feature Flag                  | Service(s)      | Description                                                                                              |
| ----------------------------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `adServiceFailure`            | Ad Service      | Generate an error for `GetAds` 1/10th of the time                                                        |
| `cartServiceFailure`          | Cart Service    | Generate an error for `EmptyCart` 1/10th of the time                                                     |
| `productCatalogFailure`       | Product Catalog | Generate an error for `GetProduct` requests with product id: `OLJCESPC7Z`                                |
| `recommendationCache`         | Recommendation  | Create a memory leak due to an exponentially growing cache. 1.4x growth, 50% of requests trigger growth. |

> | `paymentServiceFailure`       | Paymentservice  | Generate an error when calling the charge method of the paymentservice.                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `paymentServiceFailure`       | Payment Service  | Generate an error when calling the `charge` method                                  |
```

To make this similar to the other cells, I suggest removing the paymentservice (since it's in the previous column` and code-format the `charge` (if this is the name of the method)

> | `paymentServiceUnreachable`   | Checkoutservice | Use a bad address when calling the paymentservice to make it seem like the paymentservice is unavailable.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `paymentServiceUnreachable`   | Checkout Service | Use a bad address when calling the PaymentService to make it seem like the PaymentService is unavailable.|
```
